>> Kyle Simpson: All right, welcome back.
I trust you found that nice and
challenging.
Let's take a look at how to define
an iterator, to make our numbers,
object initerable.
First we know we need to
define a generator, and
we're going to put it at this
location .Symbol.iterator.
And it's a function that we're going
to want to receive some inputs.
But for now let's just skip the inputs.
What does that function need to do?
Well, it needs to loop over,
essentially an i increment here and
just yield out the values.
So if I said something like let i = 0,
i less than 100.
i++, we could say less than or
equal to 100.
i++ and then I could just simply yield i.
And that generator is gonna spit
out the values from 0 up to 100.
So if we take that code and let me switch
over to our console and we run it.
>> Kyle Simpson: You see it
prints out from 0 up to 100.
Okay, so now let’s talk about
we give it some inputs.
Well we want to use our named parameter.
Our named arguments in text
with an object destructuring.
So I’m gonna put an object here and
make sure to give it the default object so
that if it's not passed in,
it picks up on the defaults.
We need essentially three inputs.
We need a start which defaults to 0,
we need an end which
defaults to 100 and
we need a step which defaults to 1.
So let's use those three variables.
>> Kyle Simpson: Instead of i =,
we'll say i += step.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now how are we going
to use that number as iteration
with our lucky numbers.
All right, I'm gonna go ahead and
switch this to
an interpre-literal, and
I'll open up an expression.
And what we wanna do is have
an array that can be printed out.
So I'm gonna use an array here and
I'm going to be spreading something
into the array which is the iterable.
So I'm going to be spreading numbers but
I don't want to just spread
numbers itself because that
would be 0 through 100.
I actually want to call
the Symbol.iterator function.
And that is what I will be spreading out.
Remember iterators are also iterables.
So we can spread out a custom
made iterator instance, okay?
So how are we going to call this and
pass in those inputs?
Well, we're gonna pass in
an object that sets start = 6,
that sets end equal to 30,
and set step equal to 4.
So if we take that.
>> Speaker 2: A dollar sign?
>> Kyle Simpson: Dollar sign?
>> Speaker 2: Am I correct?
For the template literal, am I wrong?
>> Kyle Simpson: Sorry, you're right.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's why I wasn't
syntax highlighting, good catch,
all right.
>> Speaker 3: You need to take everything
cuz you have to redefine that function?
>> Kyle Simpson: What's that.
>> Speaker 3: You better
copy in the rest of it,
cuz you redefine the function on top.
>> Kyle Simpson: I redefine
the function on top?
>> Speaker 3: We didn't have it taking
parameters, last time you copied it over.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes,
you're right, you're right.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, let's go over
here and we don't need this for loop for
right now.
So remove that.
And let's see what it prints out.
My lucky number 6,10,14,18,22,26 and 30.
If you win $1 billion lottery of those
lucky numbers, I expect a 1% cut, so.